so I will show you how to close the
permit as the subcon applicant  so only
the subcon applicant can start the
closure to do so you click on your PTW
monitoring on the home page click on
that permit you want to close make sure
when you go on the daily checklist that
you attach documents for every single
day so we want to see the JSA for
every day that you worked the closure
part itself is all the way at the end of
the permit so you navigate to the last
step just called completed in order to
close it you take this button you
confirm that the work has completed the
work area has been checked and cleared
and no new hazard is introduced then you
key in your name here click in the date
field click on validate and then you
assign one more thing you need to do in
the upper right corner you click on send
now that permit is being sent out you
can see that the status changes to M+W complete so now it has been sent
to the M+W  task supervisor who
will go review and then close the permit
once it's closed the status will change
to complete it